com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/utils/MatrixUtils.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.utils.MatrixUtils
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/MarqueTextView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.MarqueTextView
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/adapter/EmptyHolder.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.adapter.EmptyHolder
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/ui/adapter/MatrixSceneAdapter.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.ui.adapter.MatrixSceneAdapter
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/adapter/MatrixSceneHolder.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.adapter.MatrixSceneHolder
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/MatrixTextView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.MatrixTextView
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/BuildConfig.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.BuildConfig
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/databinding/MatrixLayoutEditBinding.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.databinding.MatrixLayoutEditBinding
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/bean/MatrixSceneForGridView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.bean.MatrixSceneForGridView
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/interfaces/IMatrixInit.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.interfaces.IMatrixInit
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/interfaces/OnMatrixCheckListener.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.interfaces.OnMatrixCheckListener
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/MyHorizontalScrollView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.MyHorizontalScrollView
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.MyHorizontalScrollView$ScrollChangedListener
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/interfaces/IMatrixLayout.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.interfaces.IMatrixLayout
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.interfaces.IMatrixLayout$MatrixChangedListener
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/AutoTextView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.AutoTextView
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/DiagonalView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.DiagonalView
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/ui/widget/MatrixSceneOneLineLayout.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.ui.widget.MatrixSceneOneLineLayout
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.ui.widget.MatrixSceneOneLineLayout$ItemClickListener
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/databinding/MatrixLayoutMainBinding.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.databinding.MatrixLayoutMainBinding
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/ColorfulMatrixLayout.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.ColorfulMatrixLayout
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.ColorfulMatrixLayout$1
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.ColorfulMatrixLayout$2
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/DataBindingTriggerClass.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.DataBindingTriggerClass
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/MatrixImageView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.MatrixImageView
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/impl/MatrixInit.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.impl.MatrixInit
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.impl.MatrixInit$1
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/interfaces/IHolder.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.interfaces.IHolder
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/MatrixView.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.MatrixView
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.MatrixView$InterafaceHolder
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.MatrixView$OnMatrixSelectListener
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/databinding/MatrixLayoutBinding.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.databinding.MatrixLayoutBinding
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/ui/MatrixTableLayout.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.ui.MatrixTableLayout
com/sunmnet/mediaroom/matrix/anotherUi/adapter/CommonAdapter.java
 com.sunmnet.mediaroom.matrix.anotherUi.adapter.CommonAdapter
